Captioning sponsored by
MacNEIL/LEHRER PRODUCTIONS
>> Woodruff: HOUSE REPUBLICAN
LEADERS BACK THE NEW BUDGET
DEAL, DESPITE GRUMBLING FROM
BOTH PARTIES ON WAYS IT FALLS
SHORT.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
ALSO AHEAD THIS WEDNESDAY, THE
MOST POPULAR PONTIFF IN DECADES
IS "TIME" MAGAZINE'S PICK FOR
PERSON OF THE YEAR.
HOW POPE FRANCIS HAS ALTERED THE
IMAGE OF THE CHURCH AROUND THE
WORLD.
>> Woodruff: PLUS, LESSONS AT
NIGHT, AND HOMEWORK DURING THE
DAY?
ONE MICHIGAN HIGH SCHOOL TRIES
FLIPPING THINGS AROUND.
>> IT GETS TEACHERS ASKING,
"WHAT ARE THE BEST WAYS FOR ME
TO USE MY TIME AND THEN WHAT ARE
THE KINDS OF DIRECT INSTRUIONCT
THAT I COULD PROVIDE THAT COULD
BE DIGITIZED SO THAT PEOPLE
COULD WATCH IT AGAIN."
>> Woodruff: THOSE ARE JUST
SOME OF THE STORIES WE'RE
COVERING ON TONIGHT'S "PBS
NEWSHOUR."